Questions I got wrong when taking practice tests:


Minumum bytes in S3?
answer 0 bytes


Which two URL formats does S3 support to accessing bucket 'mynewbucket' ?
http://mynewbucket.s3-aws-region.amazonaws.com
http://s3-aws-region.amazonaws.com/mynewbucket

To add an object to an S3 bucket the PUT operation is used. As part of crafting a PUT the programmer can add instructions call Request Headers. Which of the following are valid S3 Request Headers ?
Content-Length
Content-MD5
x-amz-meta-
x-amz-storage-class


You have been asked by your employer to create an identical copy of your production environment in another region for disaster recovery purposes. In the list below, which AWS resources would you NOT need to recreate, because they are available universally across the console?

Identity Access Management Roles
Route53

What are the valid methodologies for encrypting data on S3 (choose 4)?
Server Side Encryption (SSE)-S3.
SSE-C.
SSE-KMS.
A client library such as Amazon S3 Encryption Client.


When coding a routine to upload to S3 you have the option of single part upload or multipart upload. For what reason might you choose to use Multipart upload ? (Select 4)

Improved throughput
Quick recovery from network issues
Pause and resume object uploads
Begin an upload before you know the final object size

With SAML-enabled single sign-on, (choose all that apply)

The portal first verifies the user's identity in your organization, then generates a SAML authentication response
After the client browser posts the SAML assertion, AWS sends the sign-in URL as a redirect, and the client browser is redirected to the Console.

When editing permissions (policies and ACLs) who does the concept of 'Owner' refer to ?
The identity and email address used to create the account AWS account


You work for a large media organisation who has traditionally stored all their media on large SAN arrays. After evaluating AWS they have decided to move their storage to the cloud. Staff will store their personal data on S3 and will have to use their Active Directory credentials in order to authenticate. This will be stored in a single S3 bucket, and each staff member will have their own folder within that bucket named after their employee ID. What steps below should you take in order to help set this up (choose 3).


Create an IAM role
Create either a federation proxy or identity provider
Use AWS security token service to create temporary tokens


In RDS when using multiple availability zones, can you use the secondary database as an independent read node?
No


If you are using Amazon RDS Provisioned IOPS storage with MySQL and Oracle database engines what is the maximum size RDS volume you can have by default?
6TB


When replicating data from your primary RDS instance to your secondary RDS instance, what is the charge?
No Charge, Its free

What happens to the I/O operations while you take a database snapshot/Backup.
I/O operations to the database are suspended for the duration of the snapshot if it is a single AZ RDS instance.


What AWS DB platform is most suitable for OLTP?
RDS


